Avoid 'allows to' (#2685)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/operatorsandexpressions.tex

solver.
\end{nonnormative}

> \lstinline!spatialDistribution! lets one approximate efficiently the solution of the infinite-dimensional problem

Reviewer: I suppose this one was forgotten in the last commit? Maybe this could work:
```suggestion
\lstinline!spatialDistribution! allows efficient approximate solution of the infinite-dimensional problem
```

Author: It was missed, but I don't think that is the best option. I changed it more completely.

> \lstinline!spatialDistribution! allows the infinite-dimensional problem below to be solved efficiently with good accuracy

Reviewer: Not bad at all.  How about some punctuation (like a period or a colon) at the end, before the equation?

Author: Hmm... I will have to think more about which punctuation is best, so take that later.
